Add support for image digests in helm charts (#15185)
cilium-team/cilium: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release_template.md

- [ ] Merge PR
- [ ] Create and push *both* tags to GitHub (`vX.Y.Z`, `X.Y.Z`)
  - Pull latest branch locally and run `contrib/release/tag-release.sh`
- [ ] Ask a maintainer to approve the build in the following links (keep the URL
      of the GitHub run to be used later):
  - [Cilium v1.10](https://github.com/cilium/cilium/actions?query=workflow:%22Image+Release+Build%22)
  - [Cilium v1.9](https://github.com/cilium/cilium/actions?query=workflow:%22Image+Release+Build+v1.9%22)
  - [Cilium v1.8](https://github.com/cilium/cilium/actions?query=workflow:%22Image+Release+Build+v1.8%22)
  - [Cilium v1.7](https://github.com/cilium/cilium/actions?query=workflow:%22Image+Release+Build+v1.7%22)
  - Check if all docker images are available before announcing the release
    `make -C install/kubernetes/ check-docker-images`

> - [ ] Get the image digests from the build process make a commit / PR with the digests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Get the image digests from the build process and make a commit / PR with the digests.
```

    - [ ] Run `contrib/release/pull-docker-manifests.sh` to fetch the image
          digests, use the URL of the GitHub run here.
- [ ] Create helm charts artifacts in [Cilium charts] repository using
      [cilium helm release tool] for both the `vX.Y.Z` release and `vX.Y` branch
      and push these changes into the helm repository as well as make a commit
      and push them into cilium repository.
- [ ] Run sanity check of Helm install using connectivity-check script.
      Suggested approach: Follow the full [GKE getting started guide].
- [ ] Check draft release from [releases] page
  - [ ] Update the text at the top with 2-3 highlights of the release

>   - [ ] Copy the text from `digest-vX.Y.0.txt` (previously generated with

Reviewer: It is always `v.X.Y.**0**`?

Author: no, is suppose to be `X.Y.Z`

- [ ] Merge PR
- [ ] Create and push *both* tags to GitHub (`vX.Y.Z`, `X.Y.Z`)
  - Pull latest branch locally and run `contrib/release/tag-release.sh`
- [ ] Ask a maintainer to approve the build in the following links (keep the URL
      of the GitHub run to be used later):
  - [Cilium v1.10](https://github.com/cilium/cilium/actions?query=workflow:%22Image+Release+Build%22)
  - [Cilium v1.9](https://github.com/cilium/cilium/actions?query=workflow:%22Image+Release+Build+v1.9%22)
  - [Cilium v1.8](https://github.com/cilium/cilium/actions?query=workflow:%22Image+Release+Build+v1.8%22)
  - [Cilium v1.7](https://github.com/cilium/cilium/actions?query=workflow:%22Image+Release+Build+v1.7%22)
  - Check if all docker images are available before announcing the release
    `make -C install/kubernetes/ check-docker-images`

> - [ ] Get the image digests from the build process and make a commit / PR with
>       the digests.
>     - [ ] Run `contrib/release/pull-docker-manifests.sh` to fetch the image
>           digests, use the URL of the GitHub run here.
> - [ ] Create helm charts artifacts in [Cilium charts] repository using
>       [cilium helm release tool] for both the `vX.Y.Z` release and `vX.Y` branch
>       and push these changes into the helm repository as well as make a commit
>       and push them into cilium repository.

Reviewer 2: nit: At the moment it's not *so* obvious that the pull-docker-manifests is actually generating different files in the tree and those are the changes that need to be created into the new commit.

Same content, minor reorganisation.

```suggestion
- [ ] Update the Helm charts in the [Cilium charts] repository and the main repository
  - [ ] Run `contrib/release/pull-docker-manifests.sh` in the Cilium repository to fetch the image digests, use the URL of the GitHub run here.
  - [ ] Run the [cilium helm release tool] from the cilium-charts repository to generate the `vX.Y.Z` release charts and `vX.Y` branch charts.
  - [ ] Push the new helm charts to the Cilium charts repository.
  - [ ] After pushing the charts, add the local changes from the Cilium repository to a new commit and open a PR against the release branch to update the digests and charts.
```

Author: Discussed offline, it should be something around:
```
- [ ] Commit and merge into cilium/cilium
- [ ] Fetch the branch
- [ ] Create helm charts artifacts in [Cilium charts] repository using
      [cilium helm release tool] for both the `vX.Y.Z` release and `vX.Y` branch
      and push these changes into the helm repository.
```
